Stabilize Prometheus Summary -> OTLP Summary (#4872)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/compatibility/prometheus_and_openmetrics.md

Reviewer: Similar to the histogram comment, I wonder if we should make this less tied to the text format?

### Summaries

**Status**: [Stable](../document-status.md)

[Prometheus Summary](https://prometheus.io/docs/instrumenting/exposition_formats/#basic-info) MUST be converted to an [OTLP Summary](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#summary-legacy).

Prometheus Summary Quantiles become OTLP Summary Quantiles. Prometheus Summary Count becomes OTLP Summary Count and Prometheus Summary Sum becomes OTLP Summary Sums.

In the text format, samples without suffixes have the `quantile` label to identify the quantile points of the Prometheus Summary. Extra samples with the same metric name but with the suffixes `_count` and `_sum` are used to identify the Prometheus Summary Count and Sum respectively.

> Multiple samples with same metric name MUST bemerged together into a single OTLP Summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In text formats where Prometheus Summaries are represented by multiple samples, samples with same [metric family](https://github.com/prometheus/OpenMetrics/blob/main/specification/OpenMetrics.md#metricfamily) name MUST be merged together into a single OTLP Summary.
```
